Let’s see about the things such as null is a primitive but it is give it's type as the object
Also check why it is printed as object 
1. let's check about the how JS works
2. Let's see about how frontend and backend flow works 
3. let's see abpout how intenet works with the brower
4. let's see about the callback, well i know about the callback, we have another function in function argumnet 
5. fact About JS, i mean like there was something about the one data type, i forgot, that about null being as object which is primitive one 
6. Check about values of NAN
7. Let's seee about the ECMAScript  and ES6 , ehat the hell is that 
8. Let's check this one avaScript engine (like V8 in Chrome, SpiderMonkey in Firefox)
9. Let's see the how execution of react project happens, like which file first runs in the React project
10  visually understand the JS Execution 
11. Let's Debiuncing and throughtlying 
12. calback based API and Promise based API
13. Micro Task Infinite Loop
14. Let's see about the this with normal and arrow function
15. What is Closure and High Order Function
16. Callback related things , Callback hell and all
17 what oes it mean by App bootstrapped
18 Let's see about teh Object.values(val)[0]
19. Let's check for the Array Question for the interview
20. Let's see Deep Copy and Shallow Copy
21. Let's see about the diff loop actual execution like how for of & map , let's also check the loops too
22. Let's see about the try and catch 
23. let's see more Array Thory Interview Question
24. Let's see about the Array.prototype, especially the prototype
25.  let setOnly = new Set(arr)  Let's see why we need to use the new there  (Done)
25.1.  console.log("Non Dup DataL: ", [...new Set(Arr31)]);  how does it worked (Done)

26. What is the Infinity 
27. const FlattedAns=Arr43.toString().split(",").map(Number);    , what is the use of Number
28. There is something about teh Template Literals, Array Literals, String Literals , is there anything else too 
29. What is a InterPloation
30. when we need to return something with the reduce , and when not 
31. // Let's check teh new question about finding the non repeating chars in the String 
32. const Arr151=[1,2,3,4,56,6];
const NewAnsArr=[];
for(let arr of Arr151) NewAnsArr.push(arr.pop);
for(let arr of Arr151) console.log(arr);
console.log("Arr Ans with unshift and pop: ",NewAnsArr)
Let's see why t is not working 
33. 
console.log("Duppliate Values: ", [...Dup1])
So here does the [...] directly convert the Set to Array 
34. So basically what is the 





Questions to ask:
1. what is the difference between normal function and arrow function?
2. what is difference between argument and parameters?
3. what is the difference between lexical scope and closure





New Questions from Revision 
1. Let's see about diff console method which we useful in the practical use 